#summary The essentials for deployment
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design,Phase-Deploy,Phase-Support

----

= Contents =
<wiki:toc max_depth="1"/>

----

= Dependencies =

== Linux ==

=== Required ===

  * [http://www.python.org/ Python], [http://www.trolltech.com/products/qt Qt4], [http://www.riverbankcomputing.co.uk/software/pyqt/intro PyQt4], [http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/ Tar], [http://www.gnu.org/software/make/ Make], [http://p7zip.sourceforge.net/ P7Zip]
    * P7Zip includes '7z', '7za' and '7zr' binaries.
    * '7z' operates on a wider range of archive types, which is preferred.
    * Fedora users should install both the "p7zip" and "p7zip-plugins" packages.

=== Recommended ===

  * [http://keepassx.sourceforge.net/ KeePassX]

== Windows ==

=== Required ===

  * [http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-au/netframework/aa731542.aspx Microsoft .NET 2 Framework]

=== Recommended ===

  * [http://keepass.info/ KeePass]

----

= Installation =

== Linux ==

Ensure that you've installed the applications listed in the above 'Dependencies' section first.

=== Packages ===

  * I provide an Autopackage executable with each release, which is the recommended installation method.
  * I used to provide Deb/RPM/TGZ packages, but these have been deprecated in favour of the Autopackage executable.
  * If the latter doesn't work, download the BZip2 source archive and install manually, following the below procedures.

=== Echo ===

{{{
cd Build
make echo
}}}

=== Clean ===

{{{
cd Build
make clean
}}}

=== Build ===

{{{
cd Build
make
}}}

=== Install ===

  * Please thoroughly check the 'Makefile' for scripting errors before proceeding because I'm not a Linux expert.  It was written by hand and is not guaranteed to protect your data.
  * Proceed with the following commands only if you are certain that this 'Makefile' will not damage your data in any way.  Use it at your own risk.

==== System ====
{{{
cd Build
make install
}}}

==== User ====
{{{
cd Build
make install-user
}}}

Add {{{$HOME/bin/}}} to the {{{$PATH}}} variable in your {{{~/.bash_profile}}} or equivalent and restart KDE.

=== Proxy ===

The proxy server defined by your {{{$http_proxy}}} environment variable will be used.  For example, add the following to your {{{~/.bash_profile}}} or equivalent and restart KDE:

{{{
export http_proxy=http://[user:password@]proxy.isp.com[:80]/
}}}

=== Cron ===

In your three-hourly cron directory, create an executable shell script like the following:

{{{
#!/bin/zsh


# Env
export DISPLAY=:0

# Local
if [ -w "/media/Exchange/Backup/Q7Z/" ]; then
    /usr/bin/Q7Z.pyw cilL Personal
    /usr/bin/Q7Z.pyw cilL Programming
    /usr/bin/Q7Z.pyw cilL Work
fi

# Storage
if [ -w "/media/Storage/Backup/Q7Z/" ]; then
    /usr/bin/Q7Z.pyw cisL Personal
    /usr/bin/Q7Z.pyw cisL Programming
    /usr/bin/Q7Z.pyw cisL Work
fi
}}}

If it will be executed by 'root', create symbolic links to your {{{Profiles}}} and {{{Lists}}} dirs in equivalent dirs below {{{/root/}}}.

=== Xfce (Thunar) ===

Go to the {{{$(HOME)/.config/Thunar/}}} directory.  Replace your existing {{{uca.xml}}} with {{{uca.xml.q7z}}}, or merge the two files together somehow.

== Windows ==

=== Install ===

==== System ====
  * Launch the #7Z setup executable file
  * Download and install any unmet dependencies
  * Choose locations for the #7Z files and shortcuts

----

= Removal =

== Linux ==

=== Uninstall ===

  * Please thoroughly check the 'Makefile' for scripting errors before proceeding because I'm not a Linux expert.  It was written by hand and is not guaranteed to protect your data.
  * Proceed with the following commands only if you are certain that this 'Makefile' will not damage your data in any way.  Use it at your own risk.

==== System ====
{{{
cd Build
make uninstall
}}}

==== User ====
{{{
cd Build
make uninstall-user
}}}

== Windows ==

=== Uninstall ===

==== System ====
Start Menu --> All Programs --> Archiving --> #7Z --> UnInstall