#summary Design intentions
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design

== Software ==


=== All ===

[[http://k7z.sourceforge.net/|Website]]


=== Linux ===

[[http://k7z.sourceforge.net/7Z/Q7Z/|Q7Z]] - P7Zip GUI


=== Windows ===

[[http://k7z.sourceforge.net/7Z/S7Z/|#7Z]] - 7-Zip GUI



== Reasons ==


=== Linux ===

After using KDE for a couple of years, I felt guilty about not contributing my programming skills (or lack thereof) to the open-source community.  Q7Z was my first step towards silencing this feeling.  I loved Python and thought Qt4 applications looked great, so [[PyQt4]] was the obvious choice.


=== Windows ===

At the time, I was still working as a software engineer in Windows most days.  Without much fuss, I ported Q7Z across to Windows.  It unfortunately required bulky libraries, so I decided to port the Python code across to C# .[[NET]] for increased nativity.  The resultant application was #7Z.



== Purposes ==

Q7Z/#7Z is a P7Zip/7-Zip GUI, which attempts to simplify data compression and backup.

Use Q7Z/#7Z if you want to:
  * Update existing archives quickly
  * Backup multiple folders to a storage location
  * Create or extract protected archives
  * Lessen effort by using archiving profiles and lists

Ark (2.6.3) is handy but it doesn't seem to:
  * Create archives with passwords
  * Extract (some) archives with passwords
  * Update existing archives by default

Q7Z/#7Z is a simple application that attempts to fill these voids.  It probably won't become a total archiving solution.