#summary Customisation instructions
#labels Featured,Phase-Design,Phase-Deploy

----

= Contents =
<wiki:toc max_depth="1"/>

----

= Introduction =

  * The J7Z GUI can be customised via downloadable Java "Look and Feel" skins.
  * Plenty of these are available from various websites, some of which are listed below.
  * J7Z can also adopt the system theme, even when run in Linux via Gnome/KDE/Xfce.

= KDE =

  * KDE v4 users will be pleased to know that J7Z can adopt their desktop theme.
  * They just need to install the [http://kde-look.org/content/show.php?content=74689 GTK-KDE4] application and choose 'KDE' from its style list.
  * The 'Oxygen' theme looks better if [http://kde-look.org/content/show.php/Oxygen+Gtk?content=136216 Oxygen-GTK] is installed and chosen from the list instead.
  * Once that's done, the "GTK+" skin must be chosen from within J7Z's 'Settings' dialog.

= Installation =

  * Simply download each desired skin's ".jar" (Java Archive) file to J7Z's 'Lib' folder.
  * If a common skins folder exists elsewhere, add its full path to J7Z's "Lib-Dirs" file via the 'External' menu.
  * After restarting J7Z, the new skin and any styles (themes) it provides will be listed in the 'Settings' dialog.

= Skins =

  * The following skins are of decent or good quality in my opinion.
  * Some of them are not free software, so read their licenses carefully.
  * Let me know if you find other good skins and I'll add them to the list.

== Decent ==

  * EaSynth - (90 KiB) - [http://www.easynth.com/freewares/EaSynthLookAndFeel.html Website]
  * PagoSoft - (160 KiB) - [http://www.pagosoft.com/projects/pgslookandfeel/ Website]

== Good ==

  * JTattoo - (590 KiB) - [http://www.jtattoo.net/ Website]
  * Substance - (1.81 MiB) - [http://java.net/projects/substance/ Website]